[Daisy]
Previously. on The Testaments...
Congratulations on your initiation.
[Agnes MacKenzie]
It was when I became eligible.
And when I met Daisy.
[Aunt Lydia]
Daisy may be joining your class.
Be a good girl and stay with Agnes.
Lambs don't stray.
-Where do you hail from?
-Toronto.
I imagine Canada's
very different from Gilead.
It is suffocating in sin.
They stuck you with a Pearl Girl?
What did you do wrong?
She didn't do anything.
[Shunammite] Well. you can't trust her.
It's time to Plum up
and get her before she gets you.
[door opens]
I committed blasphemy.
I know I must confess.
-Aunt Lydia said I should stay with you.
-You can't come.
Aunt Gabbana?
[Aunt Vidala]
This young woman made a confession.
Tell her what she is. Agnes.
A dirty girl.
[girls]
Dirty girl! Dirty girl! Dirty girl!
[Daisy]
She was there! She heard my blasphemy.
Corrections are a lot for you.
Assembly is a lot for you.
Maybe serving God
is just too much for you.
Why did you come here?
Why don't you just go back home?
Not everyone has a home to go back to.
[DJ 1] [over radio]
...this is Radio Free Boston.
For our Mayday heroes behind the lines.
tonight's messages are on channel 99.2.
Hey!
[DJ 2] [over radio]
Red Dog. Green House. White Barn.
you have packages waiting.
If you're in the paperclip club.
sit tight.
That's it for tonight.
[DJ 1] [over radio] And remember. folks.
don't let the bastards grind you down.
[birdsong]
[♪ solemn music playing]
[bees buzzing]
[smoker softly hissing]
[♪ "California Dreamin'"
by Scala and Kolacny Brothers playing]
♪ All the leaves are brown ♪
♪ And the sky is gray ♪
♪ I've been for a walk ♪
♪ On a winter's day ♪
[smoker hissing]
[bees buzzing]
♪ Safe and warm ♪
♪ I'd be safe and warm ♪
♪ If I was in L.A. ♪
♪ California dreamin' ♪
♪ California dreamin'... ♪
[Daisy] You've asked me to explain
how I got involved
in this insane story.
How I wound up in Gilead.
I kept asking myself those questions. too.
[honey scraping]
Especially during
those early-ass mornings.
♪ Well. I got down on my knees ♪
♪ Got down on my knees ♪
♪ And I pretend to pray ♪
♪ I pretend to pray ♪
♪ You know the preacher liked the cold ♪
♪ Preacher liked the cold ♪
♪ He knows I'm gonna stay ♪
♪ Knows I'm gonna stay ♪
-[stamp thuds]
-♪ California dreamin' ♪
♪ California dreamin' ♪
♪ On such a winter's day ♪
[Daisy] Back in Toronto.
we'd studied Gilead in school.
Our teacher said that
even though it seemed like
Gilead happened overnight.
there were signs of what was coming.
Candidates running for office
had said things openly.
about women. about gays.
but they still were elected.
People thought they were
speaking in hyperbole.
Now. women can't have jobs.
or phones. or read books.
And gay people?
Well. you know what happened to them.
♪ I've been for a walk ♪
♪ On a winter's day ♪
♪ If I didn't tell her ♪
[metal clanging]
♪ I could leave today ♪
[Daisy] Back home.
I used to use honey in my tea.
I don't do that anymore.
♪ On such a winter's day ♪
♪ California dreamin' ♪
Maybe we can leave some pamphlets here
for anyone who wants to learn more?
Gilead welcomes all of God's children.
Sure. I'll keep a few out.
Bless you. ma'am. You're very kind.
A gift.
-For your generosity.
-Oh.
-[ambient street noise]
-[people chattering]
[skateboard thuds]
Why are you so nice to those freaks?
Why be cruel?
Because their country sucks
and they hate women?
Help me with this. would ya?
Hmm. What's that?
You can almost hear the bed bugs.
[Neil] Winner. winner. chicken dinner!
Did you get the stuff on my list?
All that junk food? Yeah.
Wasn't a nutrient in there.
How was school?
Fine.
Justin and I passed
the social studies quiz.
Oh. things are getting serious. huh?
Dad! Because we passed a quiz.
Because we're a "we" now.
Going upstairs.
[Melanie] Should "we" get dinner started?
[Neil] We should and we shall.
Do you want me to set up
an appointment with Dr. Lin?
[whispering] Oh. my God.
Mom. we're not having sex.
Okay. That's cool.
You know. it's cool if you are. too.
I mean. I lost my virginity
around your age.
Can we please not do this?
I'm serious.
I speak from experience.
-I'm going upstairs.
-What? Why?
I need your help with the new inventory.
But I have to go get ready for all the sex
I'll be having with Justin now.
All that hot. sticky sex.
-[patrons chattering]
-[Melanie chuckles awkwardly]
[♪ rock music playing]
[♪ "Zep Step" by The Wytches playing]
[Daisy chuckles]
-So. my mom...
-Hmm?
...asked me if we were boning.
[both softly chuckle]
Okay.
Okay. Here. [inhaling]
-What did you say?
-I said no. [chuckles]
Said you weren't ready.
-Mm.
Yeah. right.
[Daisy chuckles]
[skateboards clanging in distance]
Kinda feel bad lying to her.
Kinda just want to tell her
we slept together.
Oh. that was you?
-Mm.
-Thought so.
Yeah... it was nice.
Ha. Funny. funny.
So. does that mean...
Does that mean every time she sees me.
all she's gonna think is.
[whispering] "That's the guy
that deflowered my daughter"?
[scoffs] Oh. ew!
-[chuckles]
-Don't use that term!
No?
Besides. she clearly
already thought you had.
Well. it's your mom.
so. you know. your call.
Maybe it's a good thing.
I'd honestly rather do it at my house
than in Tony's basement.
What? That old rattan couch
doesn't get you going?
[laughing]
[kiss smacks]
I'm gonna tell her.
And then. I'm gonna ask
if you can spend the night this weekend.
[inhales deeply]
Okay. Well. in case she. you know.
-hangs me by the balls instead...
-Yeah?
[tissue paper crinkling]
What is it?
A gift.
For what?
No reason. I just know
you like old things.
[♪ "Zep Step" continues playing]
Thanks.
[tissue paper crinkling]
[laughs]
-[gasps] This is really fucking cool!
-Yeah.
Thank you.
[both chuckling]
[wheels rattling]
[♪ music playing faintly on headphones]
[siren wailing]
[♪ tense music playing]
[sirens continue wailing]
[people chattering]
[indistinct police radio chatter]
Mom?
-[officer] Hey. miss. you can't be here.
-Dad? Mom?
-Mom?! [breathing heavily]
-Hey. step back.
-Dad?
-You gotta walk back.
-Get the fuck off me!
-Come on. You gotta step back.
-Hey. hey.
-That's my parents.
-Look. I'm. I'm sorry.
-My mom and dad. they're in there.
-[officer] Sarah!
-This is the daughter.
-[Daisy] What happened?
-[helicopter whirring]
-[police chatter]
[voice echoing] Mom!
[♪ somber music fades out]
-[birds chirping]
-[bees buzzing]
[crate thuds]
[door rattling]
It's so cold.
It's the glory of God.
We should be more grateful.
don't you think?
[♪ solemn piano music playing]
[cup clinking]
[♪ solemn piano music continues]
[tableware clattering]
Gardening classes will be managed
by Aunt Estee for the day.
[Aunt Estee]
Perhaps we prune the roses.
-They have grown since it last rained.
-Mm.
[Aunt Vidala] Very well.
And Aunt Gabbana will continue
the hymnal curriculum with the choirs.
How is that coming?
With God's grace.
they should be ready by The Ball.
God's expectation is that
they will be ready by The Ball.
Not "should."
Of course.
We must also keep
an eye on the alto section
with the second-year Pinks.
Sarah. Rachel. and now Anna are
consorting with only one another.
We mustn't allow that to fester.
Daisy. get yourself cleaned up.
And go find your Plum.
There's a field trip this morning.
Yes. Aunt Vidala.
[Aunt Gabbana] Does Aunt Lydia intend
to pair all the Pearl Girls
with a Commander's daughter?
God knows. I imagine most
will become Econowives.
The whole program confounds me.
[sniffs]
Far be it from us to criticize
Aunt Lydia's intentions.
[chuckles softly]
[♪ tense. plucky music playing]
[Plums chattering softly]
Mrs. Judd has graciously
opened her home to us.
This is an opportunity to learn.
especially for you. Green girls.
I liked going to the zoo.
Well. we're not 10 anymore. Hulda.
It'll be fun. We get to see Penny.
Mrs. Judd.
Mrs. Commander Judd.
She's still Penny.
Lots of adults like going
to the zoo. you know.
Heads up. Dirty girl coming.
[♪ music continues]
Blessed be the fruit.
May the Lord open.
We've been sent fine weather.
Which we already received with joy.
Single-file line.
Punctuality requires order.
[♪ light music playing]
[bus engine idling]
[♪ light music continues playing]
Have a blessed day. Miss Agnes.
May the Lord open.
[Daisy] I wasn't surprised
she wanted to bone him.
I mean. look at him.
[engines rumbling]
[dog barking]
[♪ light music continues]
[Daisy] I used to stare
at Justin like that.
Every inch of him.
That's your Guardian. right?
You're being a slut.
What?
Lusting after him so openly.
It's a gateway to Hell.
I pray they teach you Pearls
better than that.
[Daisy] Yeah. okay. I'm the slut?
Apologies. Miss Agnes.
[driver] Chapin. something ahead.
[♪ tense music playing]
-[Daisy] What's going on?
-[Agnes] I don't know.
[Plum girl 1] What's happening?
[Garth] Check the mirror.
-Do you know what's going on?
-[♪ tense music continues]
[Garth] I-I can't tell yet.
[Plum girl 2] What's he doing?
[Garth] They're armed. shooters.
[panicked murmuring]
[truck accelerating]
-[Garth] We're getting boxed in.
-[tires screeching. vehicles crashing]
[all screaming]
We're under attack! We need backup.
Repeat: we are under attack.
Send immediate backup.
-[tires screeching]
-[screaming continues]
[indistinct shouting]
-[Daisy] Agnes! Get down!
-[gunfire]
-[gunfire continues]
-[screaming. shouting]
[Aunt] Everybody stay down!
May the Lord guard me.
May Thy might save me.
[Garth] Okay. let's go. Get up! Now!
[Plums screaming. whimpering]
Everyone off the bus now!
Let's go now! Move. in there! Go. go!
-[Guardian 1] Move. move!
-[Plums screaming]
[Guardian 2]
Protect the Plums! Get 'em in there!
-Agnes. come on. let's go!
-[Guardian 3] Go. go. go!
-Turn right! The perps are down.
-In there. go. Heads down.
Get in the shop.
Stay down!
Move. move. come on! Let's go!
-[♪ dramatic music playing]
-[helicopter whirring]
[gasping]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ music fades out]
[gasps. whimpers]
[♪ somber music playing]
[exhales sharply]
[sobbing softly]
[sniffles]
That's them.
[exhales]
[sniffles]
[♪ somber music fades]
-[approaching footsteps]
-[phones ringing]
Hi. I'm Tim. I'm with Social Services.
-[hospital PA announcement]
-Sorry for your loss.
[Daisy] Okay.
[hospital phone ringing]
I'm sorry. I'm still really stoned.
That's fine.
It's tea.
Do you want a soda?
I need my phone.
The police took it.
Is there anyone I can call for you?
Some family maybe?
I just want my phone.
[Tim] Sure. We can sort
through all that together.
But we don't have to do that here.
I'll go sign you out real quick.
and then we'll leave.
Drink your tea. Don't move.
[hospital PA announcement]
[♪ intriguing music playing]
[sighs]
Daisy?
Hi. I need you to come with me.
Are you with Social Services. too?
There's been a change of plan.
I need my phone.
The other guy was getting it.
-There was another guy?
-Yeah. he gave me this tea.
-What are you doing?
-Come on.
Okay. I'm going back for my stuff.
-No.
-No. why?
Because you're in danger.
I need to get you out of here.
[Daisy] What? In danger from what?
-Danger from what?
-[shushes]
Come on.
-[people chattering]
-[phones ringing]
Go. go. go. go.
[door shuts]
You're in danger from the people
who killed your parents.
The people who robbed the store?
It wasn't a robbery.
Neil and Melanie were murdered.
They were killed and now you're in danger.
Pardon fucking me. what?
You're not from Social Services?
No. I'm not. That guy isn't
from Social Services either.
Look. Daisy. I'm sorry.
No one should have to go through this.
but I need you to trust me.
Who are you?
[door opening]
[whispering] Come on.
-[hospital phone ringing]
-[people chattering]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[whispering] Shit.
[indistinct police radio chatter]
I was a friend of your parents.
You've been to the store.
Many times.
[♪ intriguing music playing]
What's your name?
June.
My name is June.
Daisy. I need you to come with me.
Okay. But June. listen.
I'm still pretty stoned.
Right.
Okay. fine. Uh. we'll deal with that.
Yeah. come on.
Let's get you somewhere safe.
[helicopter whirring]
[people chattering]
Thank you... for shielding me.
God found a way to make me useful.
[indistinct chatter]
[siren wailing]
Honestly. I was terrified.
Me too.
[footsteps approaching]
Hulda. Does it hurt?
They said that it would heal. praise be.
[Shunammite] Minimal scarring.
Aunt Vidala's arm is broken.
[girl] It hurts.
May He bring her comfort.
Do they know who did it?
[scoffs] Mayday.
[Agnes] Godless animals.
[Becka] They're the terrible people
we're enemies with.
They hate us.
Hulda... tell them what else you saw.
[people chattering quietly]
They were bandaging a Guardian.
[whispering] His shirt was lifted
and there was hair on his stomach.
All over.
What do you mean?
It was-- It was short and stubbly.
Almost like when my dad
grows his beard out.
That's repulsive.
[breathy] Yeah. it is.
Do all men have it?
Most men do.
Most grown men.
It depends. I think.
On what?
[whispering] Godliness?
Genetics.
One of God's mysteries.
How would you know?
Because in Toronto.
I had sex with thousands of men.
A real statistical cross-section.
You probably did.
I used to go to the beach.
like everyone else.
You saw bodies.
Men would go shirtless.
And the hair...
Well. it keeps going.
Lower.
[Becka] Oh. my God.
Oh God. protect us.
I wonder which one
of the Commanders has it.
Shu!
[group giggling quietly]
[water running]
[water stops]
[exhales]
[sighs]
Is your head any clearer?
You wanna eat something?
Can I borrow your phone?
I need to call my boyfriend.
He's gonna be. like. worried.
Why don't you eat something.
and then we can talk about it?
Or let me call my boyfriend.
and then I'll eat something.
We're not negotiating.
Why would anyone murder my parents?
It was Gilead.
Agents from Gilead.
[scoffs]
Agents from Gilead killed my parents?
Mm-hmm.
Why in the fucking world
would that be true?
Do you know what Mayday is?
Sure.
Learned about them in school.
Ah.
Your parents were working with Mayday.
They were working with me.
My parents are arms smugglers
or something?
They run a vintage store.
My dad doesn't even know
how to use Find My Friends.
They are the least spy people
in the universe.
There are things you don't know
about them. Daisy.
Are you Mayday too?
They would have told me if they
were involved in something like that.
Yeah. they were planning to.
It's not that easy.
Telling you would put you
in a lot of danger.
[sighs] This is ridiculous.
I wanna call my boyfriend.
[June sighs heavily]
I need a few hours to arrange
to get you out of the city safely.
He's gonna find out what happened.
And he's gonna think I'm fucking dead.
-Daisy--
-Okay?
So I need to talk to him.
[June sighs]
That part of your life is over.
Okay?
And I'm sorry all this has happened.
I know what it's like to have
everything change all at once.
Can I borrow your phone?
No. Daisy.
You can't.
I need to arrange my parents' funeral.
Can I please use your phone to do that?
[sighs]
No. No. it's too dangerous.
I think you should eat something.
[Daisy sighs heavily]
I'm not hungry.
[door slams shut]
[distant traffic humming]
[door closes]
[crickets chirping]
[truck hood creaking]
[whispers] Justin!
[metal trellis squeaking]
Justin. [panting]
-Justin! Justin!
-Holy shit!
Shh!
[grunting]
[both panting]
Are you okay?
Babe. where the fuck have you been?!
[panting] I missed you so much.
[stammering] The police
have been looking for you.
I've been freaking out.
And your parents. oh. my God.
Fuck. Like. what happened?
I'll explain everything.
[both breathing heavily]
I just need you to. like.
hug me or something first.
-Yeah. Yeah. hey.
-Please. please.
-Okay. It's okay. It's okay. Hey.
-[softly crying]
-Come here.
-[Daisy whimpering. crying]
It's okay. I got you.
I have you.
-[continues crying]
-[softly] Oh. hey.
[♪ somber music playing]
[Daisy panting]
[breathing softly]
[kiss smacking]
Hey. Whoa. What are you d--
Right now?
[whispering] I just need
to feel normal again.
Please.
[whispering] Okay.
[kiss smacking]
[both breathing heavily]
♪♪
[♪ music fades out]
[sighs]
[Daisy breathes deeply]
You need to go to the police.
-'Kay. let me talk to my parents.
-No.
I already explained it to you.
Can you really trust that woman?
I mean. Mayday spies?
Your-- Your mom couldn't even
remember her phone passcode.
Okay? I-- I mean. come on.
You're grieving. Of course you are.
But it's messing with your head.
making you believe all this crazy shit.
[distant dog barking]
Let's run away.
I'm serious. I trust you. I know that.
[breathing shakily]
We could go somewhere.
We could get jobs.
Sell all our shit.
[chuckling]
[whispering] Why is that so funny?
You're freaking out. And I get that. okay?
I really do.
But... Daisy. we can't just run away.
[Daisy softly crying]
[♪ soft. dramatic music playing]
[whispering] I'm sorry.
-[Daisy sniffles]
-[Justin sighs]
Gonna wake up my parents. okay?
We'll talk to them. step one.
-No. Justin--
-It's gonna be okay. I promise.
[Daisy]
It wasn't gonna be okay. though.
My parents were dead.
It didn't matter what I did.
♪♪
June was right.
This part of my life was over.
[sniffling]
[dog barking]
[♪ solemn music playing]
[panting]
Let me help you.
Why?
'Cause I know how you're feeling.
[♪ solemn music continues]
[sighs deeply]
Okay. come on. Let's go.
[helicopter whirring]
[girl] Whoa. look at this place.
[girls murmuring]
[Daisy]
It had been a week since the bus attack.
-[indistinct radio chatter]
-Godly girls bounce back so quickly.
Remember. we are Mrs. Judd's guests.
And how do guests show respect?
With good posture.
Straighten up. Constance.
[birds chirping]
Blessed day. Aunt Vidala.
[chuckles]
-Hey!
-[both giggling]
Hi!
I am so happy to see you all.
-Oh. Penny.
-Hi.
This is Daisy.
-Hi. Daisy.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hi.
I can't believe
what you've all been through.
These gifts. You're all too much.
This is too much.
-Penny. your house is so...
-Come in.
Look at this place!
Come in! Come in!
Alright.
Can I show you around?
-[Plums] Yes!
-[soft laughter]
[sighs]
Martha!
[Penny] So. of course.
I chose pink for the living room.
-[all laughing]
-Um. it all matches so well.
I love the way it came together.
The flowers.
The only thing is this painting
that. um. Michael chose.
We're gonna-- We're gonna
swap it for something else.
[all laughing]
Let me show you the kitchen. Come on.
[♪ "Cherry on Top" by Tabitha Meeks
and Teddy Morgan playing]
♪ Shiny penny on Azalea Street ♪
♪ Pick it up. it was just for me ♪
-[all gasping]
-♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Lucky me ♪
♪ My best friend is the one I love ♪
[Penny] The Commander's office
is down there.
This is his wine cellar.
He's got a Domaine Romanée-Conti
from 1945.
[Hulda] What's that?
[Shunammite] Burgundy. Very rare.
♪ I just want a laugh
with a cherry on top ♪
[Penny] We have plans to build
the nursery next to our room.
I've. um...
♪ Bum. bum. ba-dum-bum ♪
I've been feeling ill
the past few mornings.
It's in God's hands.
but I pray it's a sign.
-[Plums exclaiming]
-[Penny chuckles]
[sighs] This way. come on.
I chose these.
This one.
This one reminds me of my mother.
♪ Oh. oh. oh... ♪
Aren't they cute?
Praise be.
Now... [claps hands] who's hungry?
♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ We don't know the time we got ♪
♪ Oh. I just want a laugh
with a cherry on top ♪
Bless us. O Lord. and these Thy gifts.
which we are about to receive
from Thy bounty.
[all] Amen.
Your house is beautiful. Penny.
[Penny] You should've seen it
when I moved in.
Michael was up a decorating creek
without a paddle.
-[polite laughter]
-Who's Michael?
Commander Judd. Hulda. Don't be thick.
I imagine it's a lot to handle.
Being a new wife.
[Penny] Some days.
But God only sends us what we can bear.
Well. I could bear this. [chuckles]
[all chuckling]
[footsteps approaching]
[Commander Judd] Don't mind me.
I'm just passing through.
This looks fun.
[Penny] Don't tell on us. It's just cider.
Your secret's safe with me.
[kiss smacks]
Welcome to our home.
Thank you for having us. Commander. sir.
You all showed the world
some Gilead grit last week.
During that attack.
I just hope you know
that they're just jealous.
'Cause we have clean water.
and fresh air.
and fruitful young women.
And they have pollution and hate.
We love.
We take in God's children.
wherever they come from.
Blessed evening.
Blessed evening. sir.
Thanks so much for having us.
I don't want to put you on the spot.
I'm just curious why you decided
to come to Gilead.
To serve God's will.
Of course.
And there was nothing left for me.
[sighs]
Well. you have a new home now.
[softly chuckles]
Praise be.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[utensils clanging]
-I'm so happy for you.
-Here you are. Aunt Vidala.
[group quietly chattering]
[Daisy]
The Pearl Girl program was designed
to wash away our sins for God.
To let us start anew.
But I was never really a Pearl Girl.
You know that by now.
[whispering] What the fuck happened?
Was that us? Was that Mayday?
That's what Gilead's saying.
What do your contacts say?
It was meant to be a retrieval mission.
Retrieval?
Like. kidnapping?
Jesus fucking Christ.
[dog barking]
[Garth] What is this?
[Daisy] Map of the school.
You're welcome.
[chuckles slightly]
[paper crinkling]
This is good.
[Daisy] Where's it going?
It's not gonna be used
to hurt those girls. is it?
The girls weren't supposed to get hurt.
That's not comforting.
to know that you guys
are just some sloppy shitshow.
My life is in your hands here.
for fuck's sake.
[door opening]
[Plums chattering]
I need to speak to June.
Who's June?
[approaching footsteps]
-[bell tolling]
-[plate grinding]
Do you want anything else?
No.
Thank you.
So. Gilead killed Neil and Melanie?
Mm-hmm.
Because they were working with Mayday?
So. why does Gilead give a shit about me?
Why does Gilead want to kill me?
They don't want to kill you.
They want to take you back.
They want to take you back to Gilead.
Why?
Because they think you belong to them.
Because you got away.
Your parents. in Gilead.
got you out when you were a baby.
Neil and Melanie
have never been to Gilead.
[sighs]
[softly] That's right. Daisy.
When you got out of Gilead.
they would not stop looking for you.
And they were never gonna let you go.
So. we had to get you to safety.
and Neil and Melanie... took you in.
No way.
I would have known.
[sighs heavily]
My parents were
the shittiest liars in the world.
I would have known...
if I wasn't really theirs.
You were theirs.
[breathing deeply]
When you first got out of Gilead...
you would not stop screaming.
-Hm.
-Oh. my God. [chuckles]
You were just-- You were so--
You were so little.
And Mayday took you to Neil and Melanie
in the middle of the night.
And they had no idea
you were coming. you know?
So they didn't have any diapers.
or a crib.
or any food for you to eat.
They didn't--
They'd never had a baby
of their own. you know?
So. Neil went to the store...
and Melanie started singing to you.
But you would have none of it.
You just--
Nope. just cried and cried.
But Melanie kept singing
and singing and...
She sang you show tunes.
[both chuckle]
For hours. 'til you finally went to sleep.
[whispering] She couldn't believe
how strong you were.
How do you know that?
It was Melanie's favorite story.
[chuckles] She told it to me
dozens of times.
The story of how you came to them.
"It's like Harry Potter." she said.
Daisy... [inhales]
...you were theirs.
In all the ways that matter.
And they died because of me.
-No.
-Mm-hmm.
No.
Gilead killed them. Okay?
Listen to me.
You are not responsible for that.
You know. just because
you say it with conviction.
doesn't make it not bullshit.
Just... don't start doing that
to yourself. okay?
That kind of thinking's
really gonna fuck you up.
Do you understand me? [sniffles]
Not really.
Wait. where are you going?
Stay here. Just keep ordering coffee.
Someone's gonna come get you.
You're leaving me alone?
[♪ gentle music playing]
You are never alone.
Mayday's got you.
We've always had you.
From the beginning.
Don't let the bastards
grind you down. okay?
Okay.
Sure. I won't let them.
[♪ gentle. melancholy music playing]
-[metro train rumbling]
-[bell rings]
♪♪
[money rustling]
[insects chirring]
[rooster crowing]
[roaring]